
From: Dave Edmondson <drdave1946@googlemail.com>
Sent: 17 November 2017 20:18
To: (s) Jack Chynoweth
Cc: (s) Leo Schofield; (s) Andrew West; (s) Demetrius Zaibo
Subject: Re: Emails for -Group 1-Marine Navigation in absence of a communication link using a DMU30
 
Hi Jack

If one pays enough for an INS system then one can certainly achieve very high accuracy. Thus I think that you intend to use a fairly modest system in terms of cost to achieve high accuracy.

You need to turn your mission statement into a single research question (RQ) that reflects this.

Following on from this you need a set of 4 to 6 research objectives (RO) that help to answer this question.

My starter for ten would be:
Evaluate current navigation systems to determine their accuracy as a function of cost.

Then you need to look at all factors that influence accuracy (drift is by far the most important)

An RO dealing with tools / techniques to correct these errors

An RO on building a system 

The last one below dealing with the maritime environment seems to be setting the context of your study and thus should be reflected in your RQ. 

I hope that this all makes sense to you. Incidentally, Alan Malvern is something of an expert in INS, having developed a ring laser gyro at BAE some years ago.
Best wishes
Dave







Sent from my iPad
On 16 Nov 2017, at 14:35, (s) Jack Chynoweth <jack.chynoweth@students.plymouth.ac.uk> wrote:

Hi Dave,

Our group has had a meeting and we've put together a revised a mission statement and subsequent research questions.

Would you be able to give us some feedback on this?

 
Mission Statement / Project Summary: 
To produce a navigational aid for use in a communication denied environment based on an INS that uses drift correction techniques to achieve comparable accuracy to other contemporary navigation systems.  

Research Questions: 
What techniques can be used for the correction of drift within an INS? 
What contemporary navigation systems are currently available, and what is their accuracy? 
What metrics and data formatting would be suitable for an individual to navigate a maritime vessel? 


Thanks for your time,

Best regards

Jack

