To do (06/01/17)

to do list:


minimum exec plan:
In  preparing  your  Project  Execution  Plan,  you  need  to  assess  at  least  two  methods  of
project  management  and  come  up  with  your  own  structure  to  manage  and  de-risk  your
project.  As every project is quite different, the list below is a minimum of what is expected
in the Project Execution Plan:

Team Organisation
The  specific  areas  in  which  you  will  be  assessed  are  the  manage-
ment and organisation of your team.  You need to ensure that your team structure
is based on sound project management theories adapted to your project needs, and
everyones role is clear.

Team Management
Within  the  structure,  you  need  to  clarify  the  approach  taken  if
things  do  not  go  according  to  plan.  The  risks  associated  with  the  project  should
be clear, and there should be a strategy to de-risk the project.

Project Plan
You need to provide a suitably detailed project plan with clear milestones
and deliverables.
The IP Landscape document will be discussed with Dr Malvern


To perform the critical path method, there are 6 steps:

    Divide the project into tasks
    Estimate tasks
    Create the network diagram
    Draw initial Gantt (bar) chart
    Perform resource levelling
    Compress the schedule (if necessary)




To do:
Say I've assessed multiple methods of project management, justify structure, show de-risking
Work breakdown structure (justify?)
Deliverables
strengths and weeknesses?
Clear de-risking strategy
clarify approach taken if things do not go accordingly to plan (plan for all failures)
Project plan with clear milestones and deliverables
Gantt chart
critical path?

General system overview
Deliverables
development process
testing cycle process
milestones
gantt chart
work breakdown structure
product breakdown structure?


work breakdown structure:
product oriented composed of hardware, software, services, data, facilities (define total program)
shows system and subsystems as a product tree
(allows for) Interface ID & control
(allows for) specification development
work assignment
material/part ordering
product park: physical archetecture
process part: efforts required to develop, produce and support products

WBS todo:
	work assignment
	


