Intro:
 (literature  survey,  design  testing  and  business
case)
research questions
when it could be used
why is it required?
limitations

overview of system:
sub systems
components
dependencies

requirements

risk management/mitigation

delivery:
gantt chart & milestones
work breakdown structure
product breakdown structure?
to do list
integration?
testing cycle?

Documentation & media:
how to use?
IP landscape


minimum expected of exec plan:
Team Organisation:
The  specific  areas  in  which  you  will  be  assessed  are  the  manage-
ment and organisation of your team.  You need to ensure that your team structure
is based on sound project management theories adapted to your project needs, and
everyones role is clear.

Team Management:
Within  the  structure,  you  need  to  clarify  the  approach  taken  if
things  do  not  go  according  to  plan.  The  risks  associated  with  the  project  should
be clear, and there should be a strategy to de-risk the project.

Project Plan:
You need to provide a suitably detailed project plan with clear milestones
and deliverables.

Design phase - major tasks:
*Define goals and objectives
*System level design
*System requirements derived from goals and objectives
*Identify major subsystems and interfaces
*Concept hardware and software design
*Derived from system requirements and constraints
*Identify parts, costs & availability
*Establish tasks, schedule, resource needs and plans for remaining phases of life-cycle
*Develop preliminary risk assessment & management plan
*Phase terminates with Preliminary Design Review (PDR)
NOTE: Little to no hardware testing or prototyping

Phases: 
	Design phase:
		define goals and objectives
		system level design:
			system requirements derived from goals and objectives
			identify major subsystems and interfaces
		concept hardware and software design:
			derived from system requirements and constraints
			identify parts, costs and availability
		establish tasks, schedule, resource needs and pplans for remaining phases of project life-cycle
		develop preliminary risk assesment and management plan
		
	Development phase 1:
		Test concepts by prototyping:
			not building final hardware
			used to gain information necessary to refine or finalize a design
			Applies to structure, electronics, sensors and software
		Finalise hardware & software design
			complete system design
			define interfaces and develop appropriate interface controll documents (IDC)
			Complete detailed design
		
		design -> prototype -> test (-> design) -> complete design

	Development phase 2:
		Purchase long-lead items
		finalise plans for project completion
			fabrication, integration, calibration and testing
			tasks, schedule, procedures, resource needs, costs
		update risk assessment & management plan
			preliminary plan should already be in use for tracking and mitigating risks during development
		develop preliminary operational testing & data analysis plan

		order parts -> QA/QC -> assembly -> test -> integration
		
